/*
	file: Main file
	
	todo
	- ADC sample multiple channels in A mode
	- ADC sample/return multiple channels
	- Increase the size of the command buffer
	- Reactivate the bootloader
	- Label in the motion mode
	- Add test in wait function that would allow to detect non-monoticity/wraparound of uS counter
	- Log becoming an system-wide functionality that redirects all serial comm to file?
	
	
	1) Auto-detect SD card on boot?
	H 2) Motion stream mode: two parameters: mode and logging 
	3) Power measurements in background
	4) PC interface
	5) Default mode (e.g. to automatically stream or enter demo or clock mode)
	6) Background blinking
	7) Speedup boot
	8) Download logs?
	9) Minimise flash usage
	10) Fix warnings in codebase
	V 11) Malloc pulled in from fdevopen ? 
	12) Script to launch at start
	12.1: CommandGet: must be split in one command reading from file_pri and filling internal buffer, and one reading internal buffer until it is empty
	
	
	Not linking unused functions: http://www.avrfreaks.net/forum/not-linking-unused-functions
	
	Tests on HW6:
	- SD card
	- Interface connect/disconnect and interface swap
	- ADC
	
	
	
	




	
*/
/*
TODO: ds3232_writetime / commandset.CommandParserSync: must check whether setting the second clock of the RTC is reset by writing to the registers, otherwise must wait for a rising/falling edge of rtc clock to set the time

TODO-FIXED:	bug in motion acquisition buffering: when the MPU interrupt callback triggers the strategy is to discard the oldest sample when the motion buffer is full with a call to rdnext. However
		the user app may be currently accessing that oldest sample. Need to have a new interrupt-blocking function which transfers data from the interrupt buffer to user code.
		
TODO:	bug in the mode_sample_motion quaternion (which may have no effect): acceleration is converted into mg using a fixed conversion factor, which is not reflecting the settings of the accelerometer range

TODO-DONE:	Time synchronisation including epoch
TODO-DONE:	Time synchronisation including epoch on boot
TODO:	Verify time synchronisation including epoch
TODO-DONE:	PC program to synchronise clocks
TODO:	Verify sample rate regularity with high sample rate modes (200Hz-1KHz)
TODO:	Readout of files (never practical due to slow transfer)
TODO:	PC program to converto to quaternions
TODO:	Magnetic field: check effect of quantisation and sample rate (8/100) on quaternions
TODO:	Improve idle bluetooth power efficiency w/ inquiry and scan pages (SI,S
J)
TODO-DONE:	RN41: power optimisation of radio
TODO:	RN41 I/O ports best settings ?
TODO:	Check stability of magnetic field calibration
TODO:	Reactivate the bootloader....
TODO-DONE:	Upon time synchronisation ensure the system LED blink synchronously
TODO:	Check sampling returns calibrated magnetic field
TODO:	Convert to quaternion when logging without, taking into account dt
TODO:	Identify the regular >50ms hicckups in the logging
TODO:	Sometimes error writing log 4 (F,10) on S10 - ?
BUG:	Stopeeing logging and quitting motion sampling mode with ! does not write battery statistics data unlike stopping logging with L first, then quitting with !
*/
